Add how to work with array columns (#538)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/how-tos/working-with-postgresql-data-types.rst

    }

  .. code-tab:: bash Curl

    curl "http://localhost:3000/movies" \
      -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -d @- << EOF
      {
        "id": 1,
        "title": "Paddington",
        "tags": "{family,comedy,not streamable}",
        "performance_times": "{12:40,15:00,20:00}"
      }
    EOF

Or you could send the data using a JSON array format. The following request sends the same data as the example above:

.. tabs::

  .. code-tab:: http

    POST /movies HTTP/1.1
    Content-Type: application/json

    {
      "id": 1,
      "title": "Paddington",
      "tags": ["family", "comedy", "not streamable"],
      "performance_times": ["12:40", "15:00", "20:00"]
    }

  .. code-tab:: bash Curl

    curl "http://localhost:3000/movies" \
      -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -d @- << EOF
      {
        "id": 1,
        "title": "Paddington",
        "tags": ["family", "comedy", "not streamable"],
        "performance_times": ["12:40", "15:00", "20:00"]
      }
    EOF

To query the data you can use the arrow operators. See :ref:`composite_array_columns`.

Multidimensional Arrays
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Handling multidimensional arrays is no different than handling simple ones: both the string representation and the JSON array format are allowed. For example, let's add a new column to the table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handling multidimensional arrays is no different than handling one-dimensional ones: both the string representation and the JSON array format are allowed. For example, let's add a new column to the table:
```
